Add `osu!mania 7K World Cup 2025: Finals Recap` news post (#12851)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-02-21-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-finals-recap.md

---
layout: post
title: "osu!mania 7K World Cup 2025: Finals Recap"
date: 2025-02-21 20:30:00 +0000
---

The last purge before Grand Finals has finished. With only three teams remaining, let us see how we got up to this point!

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-02-21-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-finals-recap/banner.jpg)

With one week to go till this year's MWC 7K ends, teams have started to get ready for the final sprint. Everything up until last week may've been just a jog for some, but it's soon to become one final mad dash to the top of the podium!

We're reaching a point where finding highlights is getting harder and harder. What is there to highlight if everything is worthy of it? All the teams still standing have fought tooth and nail to be with us today. So let us wait no longer and dig deep into last week's happenings.

> Before that though, given China's performance across the tournament, we decided to host a short interview with the team's captain, [tyrcs](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13026904). A fitting person nonetheless, given their amazing scores throughout the tournament's span! Hard to see a week go by without topping the scoreboards.

Reviewer: sounds weird to say "before" when the interview is at the end

```suggestion
Once you've checked that out, you'll find a short interview with the high-performing China's team captain, [tyrcs](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13026904), at the end of this post. A fitting person, given their amazing scores throughout the tournament! We've hardly ever seen a week go by without them topping the scoreboards.
```

    </audio>
</div>

osu! the Original.

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-02-21-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-finals-recap/CuttingEdgeInsaneArtifact_banner.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321277#mania/4973089)

<div class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <audio controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/220/Songs/Marmalade_butcher_-_CuttingEdgeInsaneArtifact.mp3">
    </audio>
</div>

osu! the Original 2: Electric boogaloo.

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-02-21-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-finals-recap/Welkius_banner.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321296#mania/4973158)

<div class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <audio controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/183/Songs/Aoi_-_Welkius.mp3">
    </audio>
</div>

osu! the Original 3: Origins.

## Semifinals summary

| Team A |  |  | Team B |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- |
| **Japan** ::{ flag=JP }:: | **7** | 0 | ::{ flag=PE }:: Peru |
| **Philippines** ::{ flag=PH }:: | **7** | 0 | ::{ flag=ID }:: Indonesia |
| **Philippines** ::{ flag=PH }:: | **7** | 6 | ::{ flag=JP }:: Japan |
| **South Korea** ::{ flag=KR }:: | **7** | 2 | ::{ flag=CN }:: China |

> Following last week's trends, with only the best of the best teams remaining, these matches were not short of amazing either. Regardless of a match results, the level of play shown in last week's skirmishes was unmatched to any other week. The pool's (almost) final bump in difficulty didn't make things any easier for the players.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following last week's trends, with only the best of the best teams remaining, these matches were nothing short of amazing as well. Regardless of a match's results, the level of play shown in last week's skirmishes was unmatched compared to any other week. The pool's (almost) final bump in difficulty didn't make things any easier for the players.
```

> With South Korea being the sole victor of the winners' bracket, they currently have the most advantage over their rivals. With the Philippines surviving losers' bracket after their win against Indonesia and their **very** narrow victory over Japan, they'll get to rematch China in Grand Finals. That's a match we'd suggest bearing witnessing to given the very heated rivalry between China and the Philippines!

Reviewer: removed "very" because repetition

```suggestion
With South Korea being the sole victor of the winners' bracket, they currently have the most advantage over their rivals. With the Philippines surviving the losers' bracket after their win against Indonesia and their **very** narrow victory over Japan, they'll get to rematch China in Grand Finals. That's a match we'd suggest bearing witness to given the heated rivalry between China and the Philippines!
```

We can't stress enough how all of this week's matches were worth watching. While we would suggest watching them all, we'd like to highlight what has possibly been the most exciting match not only of the week but of the tournament as a whole!

### ::{ flag=PH }:: Philippines vs. ::{ flag=JP }:: Japan

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/117196404)**\
**[You can view the match VOD here!](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2382690271)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/-YSOZ_eWE4E?start=243&end=786" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

> For as much as this may sound like an hyperbole, this is really a match you can't miss, no matter what!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For as much as this may sound like hyperbole, this really was a match you couldn't miss, no matter what!
```

> The Philippines who previously won in 2023 breaking South Korea's long-lasting winning streak, are now looking to secure a spot on top of the podium once again. Japan, on the other hand, has always been a force to be reckoned with, especially in the rice department where they've smashed some of the strongest competitors on this skill set alone. That said, they've never been able to reach the Grand Finals podium, making this the perfect chance to prove themselves once and for all!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Philippines who previously won in 2023, breaking South Korea's long-lasting winning streak, are now looking to secure a spot on top of the podium once again. Japan, on the other hand, has always been a force to be reckoned with, especially in the rice department where they've smashed some of the strongest competitors on this skill set alone. That said, they've never been able to reach the Grand Finals podium, making this the perfect chance to prove themselves once and for all!
```

> The match started quite predictably, with Japan protecting [Kohta Imafuku - Last Fireworks](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321256#mania/4973036) (RC3) and banning [Feryquitous - Ai Drew](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321585#mania/4973835) (EX2). Meanwhile, the Philippines protected [KOTOKO - agony (Cut ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321282#mania/4973094) (LN4) and banned [Cranky - Into the Unknown](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321250#mania/4973016) (RC1). Both teams weren't shy to capitalize on their strengths to the fullest while covering their weaknesses. However, a major upset occurred right away when Japan picked [EBIMAYO - NIGHTMARE INVITATION](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321254#mania/4973026) (RC2). At a first glance, this seemed like an obvious choice given it's one of Japan's strongest skill sets. But the unexpected happened when ::{ flag=JP }:: [rainlily](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/485007) fumbled the bag mid way through the play, allowing the Philippines to win the match with 22,449 points to spare, and immediately reached the first break point of the match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The match started quite predictably, with Japan protecting [Kohta Imafuku - Last Fireworks](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321256#mania/4973036) (RC3) and banning [Feryquitous - Ai Drew](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321585#mania/4973835) (EX2). Meanwhile, the Philippines protected [KOTOKO - agony (Cut ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321282#mania/4973094) (LN4) and banned [Cranky - Into the Unknown](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321250#mania/4973016) (RC1). Both teams weren't shy to capitalise on their strengths to the fullest while covering their weaknesses. However, a major upset occurred right away when Japan picked [EBIMAYO - NIGHTMARE INVITATION](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321254#mania/4973026) (RC2). At a first glance, this seemed like an obvious choice given it's one of Japan's strongest skill sets, but that assumption wouldn't hold. The unexpected happened when ::{ flag=JP }:: [rainlily](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/485007) fumbled the bag midway through the play, allowing the Philippines to win the match with 22,449 points to spare, and immediately reached the first break point of the match.
```

The intensity ramped up when the Philippines picked [Marmalade butcher - CuttingEdgeInsaneArtifact](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321277#mania/4973089) (LN3). Both teams engaged in a close back-and-forth battle, with Japan having multiple opportunities to take the lead. After several critical misses at the very end of the map, the Philippines took the point by a rather small 5,472-point margin.

> With Japan on the rear after losing the first two maps, they spared no time to pick and selected [Wolpis Carter - Oxalis (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321276#mania/4973088) (RC6) as their next choice of map. Additionally, they decided to tag ::{ flag=JP }:: [rainlily](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/485007) out by ::{ flag=JP }:: [Suzuha-l](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6132697) — a strategy that would pay off. Japan secured their first point by a decisive margin, with ::{ flag=JP }:: [butanic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1433586) achieving an impressive score of 988,493 and an equally impressive ratio, slowly closing the gap with their rivals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Japan on the rear after losing the first two maps, they spared no time to pick and selected [Wolpis Carter - Oxalis (Cut Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321276#mania/4973088) (RC6) as their next choice of map. Additionally, they decided to tag ::{ flag=JP }:: [rainlily](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/485007) out in favour of ::{ flag=JP }:: [Suzuha-l](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6132697) — a strategy that would pay off. Japan secured their first point by a decisive margin, with ::{ flag=JP }:: [butanic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1433586) achieving an impressive score of 988,493 and an equally impressive ratio, slowly closing the gap with their rivals.
```

> The Philippines weren't going to let their advantage slip that easily. Each team continued focusing on their strengths with the Philippines opting to go for hybrid and long note picks whereas Japan stuck true to their rice preferences. This ended up with both teams exhausting their protects, with the Philippines taking the lead over their rivals with two points to spare 2–4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Philippines weren't going to let their advantage slip that easily. Each team continued focusing on their strengths with the Philippines opting to go for hybrid and long note picks, whereas Japan stuck true to their rice preferences. This ended up with both teams exhausting their protects, with the Philippines taking the lead over their rivals with two points to spare 2–4.
```

> Japan still had an ace up their sleeve, and decided to take their chance with [Kolaa - async](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321301#mania/4973175) (RC4) before it was too late for a comeback. The map's volatile, easy to miss patterns caused both teams to struggle keeping up their combos. While there wasn't a clear leader throughout the map, Japan ultimately won the point with an 11,803-point lead. The Philippines wasn't taking any of it though, and after picking [Yooh - Divinity (Short Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321274#mania/4973086) (LN2) ::{ flag=PH }:: [Ojisan-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11420405) took the chance to shine once again with their extraordinary full combo and 982,737 score, sealing their victory.

Reviewer: "philippines" is permanently plural

```suggestion
Japan still had an ace up their sleeve, and decided to take their chance with [Kolaa - async](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321301#mania/4973175) (RC4) before it was too late for a comeback. The map's volatile, easy-to-miss patterns caused both teams to struggle keeping up their combos. While there wasn't a clear leader throughout the map, Japan ultimately won the point with an 11,803-point lead. The Philippines weren't taking any of it though, and after picking [Yooh - Divinity (Short Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321274#mania/4973086) (LN2), ::{ flag=PH }:: [Ojisan-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11420405) took the chance to shine once again with their extraordinary full combo and 982,737 score, sealing their victory.
```

Too stubborn to give up, Japan got their chance to gain some ground back by picking [lapix - Horizon Blue feat. Kanata.N](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321532#mania/4973733) (HB2), a tech hybrid map known for its tricky minijacks and shields that can easily trip players up. The point became quite contested as both teams were constantly shifting their very tight leads. Japan was finally able to get back up on their feet as they won the break point, tying the match 5–5.

> This was a crucial moment for both teams, with the possibility of a tiebreaker looming ever so closer. Japan picked their last available rice map, [Akiri - Blocko ET (feat. Jinjin)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321263#mania/4973054) (RC5) and managed to secure it with ease in no small part thanks to ::{ flag=JP }:: [butanic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1433586)'s mind-boggling 989,460 score. The Philippines wasn't going to back down, and with two maps left chose [Aoi - Welkius](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321296#mania/4973158) (EX3). This was not going to be as easy of a map as the other hybrids, with a much higher physicality requirement. Philippines' strategy worked like a charm however, stealing Japan's match point and forcing the tiebreaker that would decide which team would get to advance to the Grand Finals!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This was a crucial moment for both teams, with the possibility of a tiebreaker looming ever so close. Japan picked their last available rice map, [Akiri - Blocko ET (feat. Jinjin)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321263#mania/4973054) (RC5) and managed to secure it with ease in no small part thanks to ::{ flag=JP }:: [butanic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1433586)'s mind-boggling 989,460 score. The Philippines weren't going to back down, and with two maps left chose [Aoi - Welkius](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321296#mania/4973158) (EX3). This was not going to be as easy of a map as the other hybrids, with its much higher physicality requirement. The Philippines' strategy worked like a charm however, stealing Japan's match point and forcing the tiebreaker to decide which team would get to advance to the Grand Finals!
```

> At a first glance, the Philippines seemed to have an advantage in the tiebreaker, as EX3 maps are the most similar maps to actual tiebreakers. Surprisingly, Japan's performance far surpassed our initial expectations, maintaining the lead for a significant portion of the tiebreaker's runtime. The most critical moment came in the final section of the chart, where the Philippines managed to close the gap by a hair's breadth. Just when it seemed like Japan would pull ahead with a 5,000-point lead, the Philippines made a stunning comeback during the last long note section, securing victory by a mere **101 points** — two points short of a two-digit number! This shocking turn of events left both the audience and commentators in disbelief.

Reviewer: "at a first glance" was just used earlier

```suggestion
The Philippines seemed to have an advantage in the tiebreaker, as EX3 maps are the most similar maps to actual tiebreakers. Surprisingly, Japan's performance far surpassed our initial expectations, maintaining the lead for a significant portion of the tiebreaker's runtime. The most critical moment came in the final section of the chart, where the Philippines managed to close the gap by a hair's breadth. Just when it seemed like Japan would pull ahead with a 5,000-point lead, the Philippines made a stunning comeback during the last long note section, securing victory by a mere **101 points** — two points short of a two-digit number! This shocking turn of events left both the audience and commentators in disbelief.
```

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <video width="95%" controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/media/news/2025-02-14-watch-this.mp4" type="video/mp4" preload="none">
    </video>
</div>

> This was without a doubt one of the most intense and hyped up matches in the history of the osu!mania 7K World Cup. Both teams fought fiercely until the very bitter end, with the outcome remaining mostly unpredictable and full of unexpected upsets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This was without a doubt one of the most intense and hyped-up matches in the history of the osu!mania 7K World Cup. Both teams fought fiercely until the bitter end, with the outcome remaining mostly unpredictable and full of unexpected upsets.
```

> Congratulations to the Philippines for advancing to the Grand Finals, and a huge round of applause to Japan for performing as well as they did on a match that will be found in the annals of osu!mania tournament history! Let's see how stronger Japan will become in the next 7K World Cups to come.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations to the Philippines for advancing to the Grand Finals, and a huge round of applause to Japan for performing as well as they did on a match that will be found in the annals of osu!mania tournament history! Let's see how much stronger Japan will become in the next 7K World Cups to come.
```

## Interview

<style>
    .news-chat-quote__avatar {
        float: left;
        width: 40px;
        height: 40px;
        border-radius: 50%;
        margin-left: -50px;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__text-container {
        margin-left: 50px;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__username {
        font-weight: 600;
        margin-bottom: 2px;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__colour-no-group {
        color: #FFFFFF;
    }
</style>

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-02-21-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-finals-recap/tyrcs.png)

> [tyrcs](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13026904) needs little to no introduction. 7K player extraordinaire, their performance during the tournament has left many users in awe. Even those who were already familiar with their skills were still impressed by consistently providing us with amazing scores throughout the tournament. The scores highlights section may've as well been theirs!

Reviewer: the score highlight section doesn't even mention tyrcs this week...

```suggestion
[tyrcs](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13026904) needs little to no introduction. 7K player extraordinaire, their performance during the tournament has left many users in awe. Even those who were already familiar with their skills were still impressed by consistently providing us with amazing scores throughout the tournament.
```

Author: While it doesn't this week, they were very present throughout the tournament in these highlights. This is making reference to that rather than this week in particular.

With the handy help of [SurfChu85](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4469895), [yukina meng](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9919550), and [Nerfox](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7976724) we've managed to get these recaps done in video form — this week was no exception!

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/-YSOZ_eWE4E" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## Mappool recap

<style>
    .osu-md--news .audio-player {
        max-width: inherit;
    }
</style>

**[Download the pool here! (98 MB)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs/P276)**

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://player.twitch.tv/?video=2376804412&parent=osu.ppy.sh&autoplay=false" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no"></iframe>
</div>

![Finals mappool table](/wiki/shared/news/2025-02-21-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-finals-recap/mappool.jpg)

> If the Semifinals pool was only accessible to ETs, the Finals mappool has doubled down on the difficulty. Even some of the strongest players of the tournament and the game have struggled to keep up with it! On a tournament where every little mistake can cost you a point, a pool ridden with easy to miss patterns is bound to be a disaster for teams that can't keep up with the pace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Semifinals pool was only accessible to ETs, the Finals mappool has doubled down on the difficulty. Even some of the strongest players of the tournament and the game have struggled to keep up with it! On a tournament where every little mistake can cost you a point, a pool ridden with easy-to-miss patterns is bound to be a disaster for teams that can't keep up with the pace.
```

> This week, we were bestowed with another guest [osu! original](/wiki/Community/Bespoke_music) by the hands of [Critical_Star](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3793196) and [Blocko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4075092). Debuting in [Resurrection Cup](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1567455?n=1) 2022, [Xyris - A Cybernetic-Superluminal-Apocalyptic Post-War Divination](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321297#mania/4973159) (TB) was bound to become the main protagonist on one of this week's matches.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This week, we were bestowed with another guest [osu! original](/wiki/Community/Bespoke_music) by the hands of [Critical_Star](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3793196) and [Blocko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4075092). Debuting in [Resurrection Cup](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1567455) 2022, [Xyris - A Cybernetic-Superluminal-Apocalyptic Post-War Divination](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321297#mania/4973159) (TB) was bound to become the main protagonist on one of this week's matches.
```

> We had plenty of surprises beyond a returning bespoke track, however. For the first time in MWC 7K history, the EX pool was introduced this round. Maps in this pool represent the pinnacle of raw difficulty within their respective category. In this case [celtix - Cursed Bloom](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321288#mania/4973138) (EX1) made by [Critical_Star](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3793196) and [_Kobii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6209713) represents the difficulty apex of the rice category and is designated as the mixed rice pick. It is notably harder than the rest of the mappool, with the exception of the tiebreaker. For this particular pick, the patterns were significantly more abrasive and considerably tougher than usual to manage. It was an ideal choice for teams aiming to establish dominance in this category early on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We had plenty of surprises beyond a returning bespoke track, however. For the first time in MWC 7K history, the EX pool was introduced this round. Maps in this pool represent the pinnacle of raw difficulty within their respective category. In this case [celtix - Cursed Bloom](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321288#mania/4973138) (EX1) made by [Critical_Star](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3793196) and [_Kobii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6209713) represents the difficulty apex of the rice category and is designated as the mixed rice pick. It is notably harder than the rest of the mappool, except the tiebreaker. For this particular pick, the patterns were significantly more abrasive and considerably tougher than usual to manage. It was an ideal choice for teams aiming to establish dominance in this category early on.
```

But this was not the end of the pool's surprises. This week offered the biggest selection of osu! originals of the tournament, with 3 amazing custom tracks and maps to choose from!

---

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-02-21-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-finals-recap/NIGHTMARE_INVITATION_banner.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321254#mania/4973026)

<div class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <audio controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/458/Songs/EBIMAYO%20-%20NIGHTMARE%20INVITATION.mp3">
    </audio>
</div>

> The first original of the week was [NIGHTMARE INVITATION](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321254#mania/4973026) (RC2) composed by [EBIMAYO](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/458). Their debut to osu! was nothing short of amazing! Taking the role of a dense chordstream pick, players can expect a fast-paced yet difficult to read map with many spots where one miss alone can spell doom for the player.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first original of the week was [NIGHTMARE INVITATION](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321254#mania/4973026) (RC2) composed by [EBIMAYO](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/458). Their debut to osu! was nothing short of amazing! Taking the role of a dense chordstream pick, players can expect a fast-paced yet difficult-to-read map with many spots where one miss alone can spell doom for the player.
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-02-21-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-finals-recap/CuttingEdgeInsaneArtifact_banner.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321277#mania/4973089)

<div class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <audio controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/220/Songs/Marmalade_butcher_-_CuttingEdgeInsaneArtifact.mp3">
    </audio>
</div>

> This week, we had LN consistency as the new category to the LN pool. And what better way to introduce our new category than with an osu! original by [Marmalade butcher](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/220) of course, who composed [CuttingEdgeInsaneArtifact](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321277#mania/4973089) (LN3) which was then mapped by [Lung_P](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8271308) and [Muses](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9705896). As the name of the category implies, this pick is all about testing players' consistency of their LN prowess. This map has a wide range of LN patterning, which also added another layer of difficulty as players have to be proficient in all of them in order to perform well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, we had LN consistency as the new category for the LN pool, and what better way to introduce our new category than with an osu! original by [Marmalade butcher](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/220)? They composed [CuttingEdgeInsaneArtifact](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321277#mania/4973089) (LN3), which was then mapped by [Lung_P](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8271308) and [Muses](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9705896). As the name of the category implies, this pick is all about testing players' consistency in LN prowess. This map has a wide range of LN patterning, which also adds another layer of difficulty as players have to be proficient in all of them in order to perform well.
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-02-21-osumania-7k-world-cup-2025-finals-recap/Welkius_banner.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321296#mania/4973158)

<div class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <audio controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/183/Songs/Aoi_-_Welkius.mp3">
    </audio>
</div>

> The last original featured this week was [Welkius](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321296#mania/4973158) (EX3), composed by [Aoi](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/183) and mapped by [_Kobii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6209713), [_Kobii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6209713), [ruka](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6117525), and [Blocko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4075092)! This map can be considered the little brother of the tiebreaker. With patterns that rival its sibling's difficulty, this was meant to be the wildcard amongst wildcards in the pools. A pick that is not won by practice, but sheer physicality and consistency. Suffice to say, a fitting experience for a track as hype as Aoi's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last original featured this week was [Welkius](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2321296#mania/4973158) (EX3), composed by [Aoi](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/183) and mapped by [_Kobii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6209713), [_Kobii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6209713), [ruka](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6117525), and [Blocko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4075092)! This map can be considered the little brother of the tiebreaker. With patterns that rival its sibling's difficulty, this was meant to be the wildcard amongst wildcards in the pools. A pick that is not won by practice, but sheer physicality and consistency. Suffice to say, it's a fitting experience for a track as hype as Aoi's.
```
